I don't pretty good take a sample feel
free we have a gourmet popcorn business
we have our own brand that we are put
into different stores right now we're in
jewels and walgreens a lot of mom and
pop shops throughout Chicago land area
what do you think the name hocutt ID me
probably their last name sounds like a
new DNA it's something polish I have no
idea a pocket ID is the world's best
basically its name that we made up my
grandfather called my mother
toddy growing up so it means a lot to us
into her as well so we put on our bag
you want the whole world to know that
she's the world's best mother and we
have the world's best gourmet popcorn
I'm 26 my brother is 23 mad like my best
friend it's amazing working with my
brother working with my brother it's
quite challenging at times I try to play
the big-brother role but you gotta try
to you know I may have a difference
between business and personal
relationships I've cooked up different
mindset so we can always go up and down
with ideas for the company but in a day
we worked out everything good I finally
got in contact with the buyer of jewels
at first you know he wasn't really
feeling it because it was a lot of
popcorn already the market eventually I
said from the popcorn he tried it he
loved it and he said you know what come
on then we're gonna give you a few
drills stores and try it out all right
so now it's time for me to give it a
taste test sir
this is good very fresh thank you what
did you think about the popcorn makita
it's really good it's really good i like
the cheese it's not overpowering i'm
headed to the cash register with two
babes i just tried polka tidy cheese and
caramel popcorn and i loved it i like
hella has caramel and something that you
get cheese whilst at a time it's like so
good to me do something that you enjoy
doing find your passion and once you
find it just continue to do it don't
give up just drive strive strive and
don't take no for answer pocus Heidi
gourmet popcorn is in 16 jul Oslo stores
all over the city and Gina Melissa I'm
gonna bring you ladies a bag back enjoy